Merge the demo branch into master (#319)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: doc/introduction/configuration.rst

Configuration
=============

Configuring your account
------------------------

Before using the Xanadu cloud platform, you will need to configure your credentials. This
can be done using several methods:

* **Configuration file**. Use the Strawberry Fields :ref:`command
  line interface <cli>`,

  .. code-block:: bash

      $ sf configure --token MYAUTH

  or the :func:`~.store_account` function,

>   >>> sf.store_account("MyToken")

Reviewer: Just for consistency with the examples
```suggestion
  >>> sf.store_account("MYAUTH")
```

  to create a configuration file containing your credentials. This is the recommended approach.

  By default, the account is stored in a ``config.toml`` file located in the
  *Strawberry Fields configuration directory*. For more detailed examples, visit the
  :func:`~.store_account` documentation.

* **Environment variables**. Set the ``SF_API_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN`` environment variable
  with your API token.

* **Keyword argument**. Pass the keyword argument ``token`` when initializing the
  :class:`~.RemoteEngine`.

.. _cli:

Command line interface
----------------------

The Strawberry Fields command line program ``sf`` provides several utilities
including:

* ``sf configure [--token] [--local]``: configure the connection to the cloud platform

> * ``sf run input [--output FILE]``: submit and execute quantum programs from the command line

Reviewer: Or somehow just to indicate that `input` is not a command
```suggestion
* ``sf run INFILE [--output OUTFILE]``: submit and execute quantum programs from the command line
```

Author: nice!

* ``sf --ping``: verify your connection to the Xanadu cloud platform.

Using the ``sf configure`` command to create a configuration file on Linux:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ sf configure --token MYAUTH
    $ cat  ~/.config/strawberryfields/config.toml

>     [api]

Author: It depends on the default prompt of the language. In Python, it is `>>>`, in bash, it is conventionally `$`. In the windows command prompt, `C:\>`

>     [api]

Author: The prompt is usually used as an identifier of the language

Configuration files
-------------------

When connecting to the Xanadu cloud platform, Strawberry Fields will attempt to load
the configuration file ``config.toml``, by
scanning the following three directories in order of preference:

1. The current directory
2. The path stored in the environment variable ``SF_CONF``
3. The default user configuration directory:

   * On Linux: ``~/.config/strawberryfields``
   * On Windows: ``~C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Local\Xanadu\strawberryfields``
   * On MacOS: ``~/Library/Application\ Support/strawberryfields``

The configuration file ``config.toml`` uses the `TOML standard <https://github.com/toml-lang/toml>`_,
and has the following format:

.. code-block:: toml

    [api]
    # Options for the Strawberry Fields cloud API
    authentication_token = "071cdcce-9241-4965-93af-4a4dbc739135"
    hostname = "platform.strawberryfields.ai"
    use_ssl = true
    port = 443

Configuration options
---------------------

**authentication_token (str)** (*required*)
    API token for authentication to the Xanadu cloud platform. This is required
    for submitting remote jobs using :class:`~.RemoteEngine`. Corresponding

>     environment variable: ``SF_API_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN``

Author: Agree, was tempted to make this change myself!

**hostname (str)** (*optional*)
    The hostname of the server to connect to. Defaults to ``platform.strawberryfields.ai``. Must

>     be one of the allowed hosts. Corresponding environment variable:

Author: Not sure. This line has existed since the beginning of the demo branch, it could be out of date. @pauljxtan/@jswinarton?

    ``SF_API_HOSTNAME``

**use_ssl (bool)** (*optional*)
    Whether to use SSL or not when connecting to the API. True or False.
    Corresponding environment variable: ``SF_API_USE_SSL``

> **port (int)** (*optional*)

Author: No, I think this is a developer option. @lneuhaus can probably let us know if it's needed.

> **port (int)** (*optional*)

Reviewer 2: This was useful for testing at some point, though appending a colon and the port number to the host name had the same effect. From my perspective this is not needed any more, unless @jswinarton or @pauljxtan object.
